refactor(otelgin): refactor HTTP server attributes to use new `semconv` package (#6778)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

- Add custom attribute to the span after execution of the SDK rather than before in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/otelaws`. (#6543)

> - Refactor HTTP server attributes to use new `semconv` package in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/gin-gonic/gin/otelgin`. (#6778)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for the `OTEL_HTTP_CLIENT_COMPATIBILITY_MODE=http/dup` environment variable in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/gin-gonic/gin/otelgin` to emit attributes for both the v1.20.0 and v1.26.0 semantic conventions. (#6778)
```
